I'm freaking out like this the part of mom
surprised because it really didn't
surprise me that much to see if she would see
slandering or that's what you know
surprised maybe
and now continuing in the line of the anime we're
going to see a video that secret has uploaded
okay
the title catches my attention
because it says who leaked my
bird's pack when Mieres's pack was leaked
or rather that was something that was
said as far as my mind reaches of
boomers as far as my boom reaches the
brain it
was something that Dallas was accused of not that he had
leaked some photos out there
in a forum it didn't improve the move and
then it turned out to be that those photos were
photos that she didn't take us off in the move but
it was something that she used to
report him not to try to reopen the
case it was a move that's how it was I don't know
if she will talk about this in the secret video
but let's always see it these girls
start to analyze more or less
investigating investigating quite
powerful because it dealt with the Mieres live shows it
is reviewed thanks to Kevin welcome
all the anime videos are reviewed
one  and again hello beautiful people how
are you
today first of all I
want to thank everyone who has
been subscribing to my channel these days you
are really making me very happy and
well without further delay let's begin today
we will talk about the last of the credits
credits to grow worth here
credits credits for you they create
ads from my area to ziad who of
course was filed the curious ones of
this complaint is that I will do he is
blaming dallas for something I am
seeing people in chaco on the
scooter sevilla I am glad I am glad that there
are countrymen here okay way to stop
by here talking about the sevilla
fc bayern channel man something happened to me that
touched my dick in an incredible way
incredible stratospheric I have on my cell phone I
have on my cell phone
well all these pages about
motorcycles I am going to make a video doing a
review I always say about the three of
the three brands these about
motorcycle rentals okay I move around with this I
don't take the car now I bought a car
because it broke down oria the
old man died  I had
maybe he snuck in like the old people
his old people I'm a grandpa he took the car out
like that okay I'll take a ride on the
highway and that's it he takes him out for a ride
car okay what now I don't work at
home basically no and then to the
hospital doctor like the old people like the
old people well I'm not going to go with Chile because
my new car there I'm going to on the motorcycles
these ones don't and he took the [ __ ] motorcycle that I took that
was one of the yellow ones and it had a
broken locator it seems that it had
a broken locator
on the motorcycle it marked on the application that it
was in a place that was allowed
okay and now when Carl the
motorcycles you have to leave them in a place that
is allowed on the map I mean I can't
go with the motorcycle to Pajarito and
park it there because the Pajaritos no you can't
park the motorcycle okay I have a
car turn off the motorcycle you have to take
off your helmet close it and you have to
leave it in a place that is allowed there
are neighborhoods that are not included in the
map no and now in Nervión
only the box of the street
next to the field appeared  from Seville but of course I
parked the motorcycle in its spot but since
the locator was like my balls
it appeared that the motorcycle was on the street
you know what the street was the [ __ ] so-
called street would be bad if the street was not
what it was literally called but people
driving with the street las putas okay
because in the past in the past well
I imagine that we do not need to
explain why it was called the street las
putas not to the street the motorcycle
seemed to be on that street
but this time every through Seville and it did not
give me apart the [ __ ] motorcycle welcome that did
not let me park the [ __ ] motorcycle
okay half an hour and my daughter my daughter
told her well I'm going to ride around
here on the street with the motorcycle as if I were
an idiot which in fact I am and let me know
when the motorcycle stops in the square
okay and now the poor thing there with the cell phone
like this and I am turning around the street that one
of the street that is between the field
Seville in Nervión Plaza not as an
idiot in the boot of my life and
my daughter tells me now  at the time now it is
entered the box and now whether I
ran off the motorcycle I closed the
rest dale dale and down putt and
appeared again on another side of the map
and so on for half an hour half a [ __ ] hour now this
was my welcome this was yesterday
this was yesterday when everything went
wrong for me it was yesterday itself okay what was
I so nervous for just
investigate to see if I could buy a
wireless mouse or a keyboard okay what happened
what was the reality that with the [ __ ] shitty
motorcycle it was six
thirty and everything is closed now why
and it went wrong for me and I couldn't buy a
radio keyboard
and you guys
went wrong for me the live I got frustrated because
because the whole day was going bad the
whole day was bad literally because
her ex-partner and as some of you know I will do it
first she was dating a
youtuber then she started dating
dallas and well now they say that she is
dating wish michu but well those are
rumors the first couple of mieres in
these are rumors that has confirmed
us they send me emails
many times and I have always seen them here  I
saw him there dad but let's see they have
n't confirmed anything knowing
that they are a couple they haven't confirmed it
but it is true that there are many
rumors and then there was the thing about tenants
that Ingrid was giving it to
you there and that they gave us to understand
one that account gives her published photos of my
intimate area without her consent this
happened of course when my r was a
minor the funny thing about all this
thanks for quotes because it is very
ironic and very repulsive at the same time
is that her previous ex uploaded photos of
her naked forcibly and there she never
reported him and she really should have
but to me with this obsession and hatred
and quickly
well I didn't remember this
that her previous boyfriend did to her I didn't
know he has them he didn't report this this
one has been trying to report him and for
some complaint to slip through of all 25
years he has been reporting her for like four years
for blinking and
now her previous boyfriend did that to her and didn't
report him
and her mother didn't encourage him to report him
because my wings in that and I am the
first one that is like this let's go to the  police station we're
going to put the squeeze on that
kid no
end he came in with me if he wanted to report
but oh well this issue is totally
separate it's a comparison and nothing to do with it
so in the first live streams from my area
and Dallas we can notice how I'll do he
complained about his ex-partner he complained so much about the
nicknames he gave her
and also about the treatments in the video
I'm sick of I remember it or I
remember I created an exclusive telegraaf group
for members of you know
if they make you a member in you know as long as you
are members you will be in the
telegraaf group ok what does that mean you will
be in a group with me that then
leaks to me and my number and well they
start to bother each other well look
guys here you have the opportunity to
be with me in the group it's telegram
and I'm here talking to the kids
in fact they just released a bunch of
memes with my face watching the video of the month
and damn okay
and there well now I send him an audio and I
say well I [ __ ] on your whole
[ __ ] face and I send it to him and we have audio
with me all day  but every now and
then I get in here chatting about
lies and that's why I make this video
we can read how Dallas said that my ex-
partner I will be the first ex-partner
of I will send used these photos in a
threatening way of course in the end in that
ultimatum of to the pool I didn't remember
in those days because he has put a
filter is that I love he thinks n
editing the videos I mean I would love to
take the same as her when she edits the
videos because you put a filter here
with an acquaintance nothing this
is an instagram filter super ugly
lady welcome a
filter is put here that puts it in the dark frame
apply a photo this of course
sat badly with me I will make three that I would protest they are
dispatched if it is very probable in any
case that they are false
my fakes have been circulating for
many years on the internet
help co
and well we also saw this we
saw this I don't remember when the one who lived
put they also put this extract I don't
know if it was secret neon author his brother
okay I remember having seen it destroy
our direct the lips I believed that
she was wanting to accuse  dallas
because in fact that's what he did I already
told you that he even filed the
complaint against me as a witness what I had
told him that yes it is true that
people had contacted me to tell me that there
were photos,
some real photos were leaked it had to
be a single person who had them
obviously but in other photos it
's not that much can be seen and besides
I was a minor but with time
it's clear what I don't know is if the
best ones already in the live
this of saying it was leaked by a person I don't
know what him his song she maybe in the
live she lets it fall to sow
doubt that it is gala
or she could have perfectly said it was a
boyfriend from when she was little um the
boyfriend of many years you
know but well drinking was what
surprises me that she didn't report it I
forgive him now we will see the video me
for example with my first boyfriend when we
broke up it was like let's see also what to
say my first relationship we were
teenagers 15 years old it's not the same you do
n't have the same training but
when we leave that like everyone
juanfra what  what you have to do to enter
the telegraaf group is talk to
ivan
and wow more 07 on twitter okay and he
puts the tmt on you you have to prove that you
are a member and there will be a roll call every
month because there are people I already told you if they
become members I join the group, leave
okay and stay in the group and they are
creating
obviously they ended badly if this guy
was harassing change it is with his
own photos I will do it he should have
reported him only because he
was threatening him and we get along
super well to observe many angles
in which we talk okay wine the
first two years of not talking to us
maybe it was because there were bad vibes the
next thing the interest in emails well
simply because our lives were already
going in different directions there is no need to
drag hate or find anything at all nothing no
hard feelings guys no
need to start today it's that what the [ __ ]
what the [ __ ] is that sea sticker me please how
cool no hard feelings guys
the record is not to be held I mean no
hard feelings forgiven okay no hard feelings
neighborhood I'm freaking out I'm
freaking out
no record I don't know anymore  let's be clear and well I
think it was like more or less
four years three years four years
we were without speaking for what was said because
at the beginning we stopped talking well in a
bad way then for a while we did
n't speak again because the community
reads each one this and increased that no
now we go because each one has their
life said if we hadn't coincided I will make
comments so lightly what
happened with her ex-boyfriend as if it were
something that in two years is forgotten when in
truth these things generate a certain
trauma I will make comments as if she
had gotten over everything in two years
then there were no more bad vibes with her
ex-partner but how different are
things with Dallas that it's been like
five years and I will send continues to an obsessed
with him and greed and four years later
one day it coincided that I remember that I
logged into my old skype the scan that
I had when I was a teenager this being
me being 18 or 19 years old
but we left it as we had it
15 16 then one day I decided to
log into my skype mother's bread
well we don't know if the mother knew or
not but  I'm going to go, I know that she
and her mother tell each other all kinds of
things and the mother no, no, she does
n't push her 15-year-old daughter to
report that guy, is the kid
either, to see the fact of reporting him if
the kid was a minor either, they wouldn't have come
to that if
the kid was a minor either, I don't
know where you would get
if they reported him,
man it's an ugly crime, not something Sara, no, I do
n't understand how the law works in case
of minors, I don't know if the accused is a
minor but I imagine that it was something
old that she had during
adolescence for some reason, a girl
also a jerk, the session was started
because she would be reading some
old conversation or looking for
something like I say and we wrote to each other it was
like a beastly approach what are you doing
here, I don't know what, what about as a topic we all
caught up and since then when
the city because that's always
many years have passed but the wounds
are closed,
good things straight, clear, clear, clear
but punctual has happened how much
last year with Dallas 5 well the wound
still has to heal we can with
laughter we were friends before before we were a
couple we were also friends and  because we have
gangs and nonsense like that it's
not worth it you have to have it, I'm like
with the logic of being a kid, I'm
freaking out, I'm freaking out
sincerely I try to understand it,
always when I make videos
critical reactions comment on the controversy of the
toilets is worth it far from anything in
our relationship that has happened
any person I always try to
put myself in their shoes for example
when when I
don't remember who it was a few
many months ago that we didn't talk about hooking up
on this channel not the
best thing was someone who really gave him a
hard time with something and sincerely
we saw it but on this occasion I put myself
in his place and try to understand the logic
of what I'm saying that you have to live
without resentment without value rolls and such okay and
now a guy
who you see
I'm telling the whole attitude has
leaked a photo of your Perez
well raise the logic sincerely the
only logic I see is that he has a grudge that he ca
n't overcome, he can't
overcome that grudge, what makes me
think keep
in mind that even if this guy
published those photos, I will not
denounce him, it's more in his video I justify it
and quickly that this guy was very
young to understand it they had  15 years old 1 at
15 years old knows the limits that should not be
crossed it is irrational to think that one
at 15 years old I do not put the 15 years and the
payment was 15 years old he
was an [ __ ] if he did that
but it is not that I do not know how the law would work
in the case that the accused is a
minor of data since there are
correctional facilities and other issues but in
the case of a move like that it is clear
if an adult does it and especially an
ex-partner it is very serious he will
surely go to jail at least for a few days
then we would see but a minor situation
what happens
1 at that age does not know is intimacy 1
at 15 years old knows that publishing
intimate photos of your partner is betraying their
trust and not only that but this
boy was threatening to do it and
did it it is my you are a lot
according to the description of the video so
clear it is that this is who tells it is the
ass
or in other words she confirms
in the live we have seen she
confirms that there are photos of her out there
because many years ago they were leaked
but no but no but it is to the one who
confirms that  It's a couple of hers, who
will start, who will give the identity of who
leaked it,
I think that she may not be very
bad-minded, but I think that when she
says it like that it is to sow doubt about
who it could have been, to sow doubt,
that the possibility that there is also
about Dallas, well, of course, if she is
saying many years,
that photo has been around for many years, not
at 11 pm, and when she left you
understood, I mean, it seemed totally
logical what the others were saying about Dallas, it
was the limit, I think Cara stirred up
brother, limit that it no longer made sense,
but given that
Dallas also did not defend himself at that time
as he does now
and my area made very few videos
making her escrache and things that
the
one with the dog had done and the one who did when the thing with the parents and there we already found contradictions, those facts said, it is not to see if this girl will dedicate herself to defending herself on video
in all the controversies and all the roll
that you imagine you imagined
but sometimes I were people that I
appreciated and I could not find the reason
why they had to lie to me
until I already found lies  and
contradictions
and those thousands many times on their
public social networks certain
hints towards Dallas for example the
instagram photo where she had not
paraded and had mentioned that she had
an exhibition that now that
now she has changed the message
I would love to know
the intention of changing the message
I would love to know what the intention is
of changing to edit the
instagram message when everyone
had already recorded it captured and everything up
to this point
in my complaint for example she
knew the mother more than anything well she
also some things and likes from tui and
things they had posted things on twitter
against me some barbarities
especially antonia vale and they have deleted them
after we had responded to
the lawsuit
because of course you will have seen that the things
that they had already put to me that they did not know how to
address and then they deleted them with so why do you
delete them that he is the clumsy villain
of every movie
no this is not that I would not say that he is
clumsy were the word I would say that he
warned in the end the truths come out man
and the versions the contradictions and
such or that is to say it is very difficult to invent a
story perfectly you know
not be unique the intention of changing  the
message from that great one when the whole
internet saw it I do
n't know if it could be maybe
for some of the cases they have with
Dallas or to accuse some of us of
having lied that she really
hadn't posted that I don't know if there is the way
you lie the wind michu it doesn't penetrate
knowing what the idea is of changing the
editing of the post
in video I have it recorded on video to
screen just in case the
desired pin I have it very very very
saved everything and well spun I have
taken great care and I save everything I
certify everything because you believe in this type
of movements to change this is that it
changes it so that it changes it when the
whole world had already seen
you had mentioned that she had an
ex-partner who asked her to shave
because that way she looked more innocent
alluding to the ex-accusation that Dallas had to
face a couple of years ago that
of course come out and Dallas is the
superhero who always discovers her
and also for example I will do in her
live shows she is very insistent on talking
about certain topics like ex-partners in her
live shows she loves to mention that she
gets along with everyone  her ex-partners
except one and without counting the obvious
worst experience I've had in
relationships with most of me
but I just don't understand this God
this was already done by a journalist Grant
recently too saying
what it was it was like a game of this
a game of facts that come out in it
and the filters of this great game that
told you what your worst experience in
love is
and he laughed not as if saying
and it's like your worst experience is superior
but if it was he who left you and you
wanted to get back with him according to all
the versions not
so bad no no and no
I think that the worst thing for her was leaving
the relationship rather but well if she
wants to put it like that in her story and in
my case I get along well with my exes and in
relationships or it was good the truth of Sepes
because my first boyfriend for example we
were kids so of course
obviously there were things that were
done wrong because we were
learning but we get along super
well today and then with the
rest of the people that I've been with that I've
had either relationships or things and not so
good either I can't tell you anymore well look
you see going out with  a boy with
a girl there has been is totally no the
truth is that I agree
Salgado I am surprised that she talks
so much in her private life even to
this day in the live shows of her intimate life
because then you can't complain
that others have an opinion about your
personal and intimate life
brave secret eating up my live shows I
will do
well the straight line with what millares says
except for one part I don't think that Dallas is
her worst experience in a relationship
because she seemed very happy
going on the trips that she was invited to
take or being an influencer thanks to
Dallas' promotion or living with
Dallas when he paid for everything being
honest
well here they think that I get the
impression that he wanted to make her look like she was
interested that she was happy with
him and that she looked happy because Dallas
paid for everything because he took her on a trip
because he wanted to make plans to fly for her to support her, he supported
the TV I do
n't think she was happy because of that I think she
was happy because she was in love with
him
I think she was in love with him and he
was happy
for me Dallas not because  the money for the
trips and for I think that she was
in love with him was her worst experience
as an ex-partner because simply and
plainly give it a few weeks she had
overcome my harem and right now she is
with her girlfriend Eli if they really seem very
happy together and they have projects together
like buying a house or they give each other
nice gifts that also
bothers her even though it's been four years I will do it she
is still in a certain sense obsessed
with Dallas denouncing him for things that
he did not do then I will do that live
comment because one should not be
friends with an ex-friend sex
that I suppose it depends on the
relationship you have had no
obviously he is a person who has
done you a lot of harm who has behaved
horribly with you who is not a good
person why are they going to be friends with him it is
the same as having friends who are born they do not
stop hurting you no well
toxic people are better far away but if you have a
nation with a person it ends
for whatever reason because it does not work
because you are not in love the same because it is
not the right vital moment there is no
Santander there is no reason why you cannot
be friends you know it seems to me  very
consistent on the part of my area and I think
that's the reason why Dallas
is not a friend to reward is because she's a
girl who tried to hurt him for
free the level is that the majority
that there are not always people that also
end well it is the first moment but
sometimes the relationship has just ended
thank you very much to intense for different there
is always one that comes out more damaged
than the other and in the end that it comes out more
often because it is the one that is literally the most hurt
and the one that needs to go through
a duel the most and to go through a duel you need to
get away from that person it may even
be that in the number well it would be
a phase of possession of more resentment
whatever but if you are good people
if you have not hurt each other on purpose
over time after that I am going to get along
well as you know the
love one is a girl who does
legal analysis and a couple of months ago she did an
analysis about the complaint that
Dallas made to Mijares about
false accusations and I think the conclusion of that
video is that he could have a severe
punishment for the things he is doing I do
n't know who is advising my area no  I
know if they think that at some point
a complaint will go through and she will
win,
I think that someone should
advise her
and not recommend her so badly because a lot of
money that she could have saved in the
bank, apart from that, let's see if there is a
crime against you, okay, go ahead, complaints
of course, but Díaz and if he needs you to
reject the case, I don't know how many times you
're seeing that you're not winning, live
your life,
virtue, life,
a certain amount of money like he already
tried with the Argos and Mieres issue, he continues
with these dubious complaints that are
filed very quickly, they can
have serious consequences and Andrew Burn
had to pay 40 thousand euros,
imagine how much
my area is going to have to pay, a lot, a lot, I imagine
a lot of time in prison, well, there are a
lot of people, it's prison, no way, let's
see, I'm not an expert in laws, make a
mistake,
sorry for being off topic, but you've
already talked about Ladha and Lean Rigió,
black heart, rotating hearts, it went up in each
main, I would do it there, he just uploaded it,
thank you very much for your hanger,
jail, no way, okay, jail, I'll do it, I
think no way, but let's go, not even for
for nothing for nothing
because many people who compare it's not that
if I have had to pay 40,000
how much are we going to have to pay that it's not the same the
same because Andrés made that video the
service is full of infractions it
is a video full of infractions it's not the
same the same the case of my area
is not the same case as what
Andrés did is totally different Dallas has
reported Mieres for
[Music]
he reported her for a false complaint okay well
now the judge if he decides that she is guilty I
think that the sentence they give her for
that I'm not saying that the fairest thing is because
from my point of view if a woman were
convicted for that I think they
should put the law in place that condemned her to the
same thing as if she were trying to
look for the other guy okay because that
way the woman who
comes after would think
twice okay things happen okay but in
the case that I were to be found guilty
in that complaint what is done is
the money is money or rather the money and in
fact I think that well it would be money
equivalent to what the other guy has
spent on costs on lawyers and things
like that, I mean, like not having the same thing with
Andrés, no no no don't confuse it
okay because I don't expect that if Andrés was
done in which I think would be
a huge case, he wouldn't be
allowed to either, I mean,
we're not in Guantanamo, Thailand and
here people go to jail because I have
employees from the pink group
for him to go to jail in Spain it
has to be a criminal offense, use
[ __ ] everyone but what happened with Win Michu, for
example, is Oscar, I know, not a chance
the slander is not going to enter but in the case
of Buen Bicho, I do believe, yes, I believe
that it's going to be, it's going to end up being a big
money, but big, big, big, big
because damn, in a video with 19
and a half million views that did
cause losses, okay,
apart from that, Wing Michu himself boasted about
the losses, you lost hundreds of
thousands of followers, but I'm not sure what he
said, he thinks he's
totally gone, I'll do it, he's not going to go to
jail for anything, we don't even know
where that complaint is going yet, or  has arrived
nor will they be summoned we know
absolutely nothing about that case okay but it is
true that in the case that this 22
is because here justice in Spain is
super super slow in the case that the
convicted woman is well it would be money
that I agree I think that
when if someone is convicted of
false accusations
any of those cases that are of those that there are
in Spain
that there are very few that reach trial
okay I think they should put as a
sentence the same as her that person
was looking for the other person that she
is denouncing I think
that would be the fairest because that way she would
think about it I think we hope this in
the case that the accusation continues it
would be a bad economic replacement
or it may seem better or worse but
what there is and well let's see the important thing
about this video for me
and we will see very the important thing about this
video for me the most shocking has been the
external [ __ ] of this ex boyfriend
that had a the boyfriend put him
in the photo that I did not remember that
surely in his day I would know but it was
eight years ago and down there a
little bit of these people happened well  I
remembered
and it freaks me out, honestly it freaks me out that
she's bragging about a good relationship with her
boyfriend after that boyfriend
supposedly did that and now with
the other one, things are very different,
they are very different and she doesn't stop
reporting him, she doesn't stop with the chicks on
social networks, no, and we have him, they have him
sentenced and from below and nothing,
guys, that's it for today's live,
thank you all very much for having
accompanied me.